key,_context,_speaker,en,ja,_max_width_px,_origin
obj.tsh.entrance_tremor.inspect,objective,,"Inspect the split step, stopped delivery cart, and warning chalk before answering Tenshi.",天子へ答える前に、割れた段差、止まった配達車、注意書きのチョークを調べる。,208,Original
event.tsh.entrance_tremor.title,event_title,,The Entrance Tremor,登場の揺れ,208,Original
choice.tsh.entrance_tremor.direct,choice,,Name the damaged access and ask for a repair plan before the next entrance.,壊れた通路を指摘し、次の登場の前に修復計画を求める。,248,Original
choice.tsh.entrance_tremor.playful,choice,,Call it an expensive bell and ask who is meant to hear it.,高価すぎる呼び鈴だと言い、誰に聞かせるつもりだったのか尋ねる。,248,Original
choice.tsh.entrance_tremor.patient,choice,,Ask which ordinary trip the tremor interrupted before discussing intention.,意図を話す前に、揺れがどの日常の移動を止めたのか尋ねる。,248,Original
choice.tsh.entrance_tremor.defiant,choice,,Say no to making bystanders into an audience for the next shock.,通りがかりの人々を次の揺れの観客にすることは認めないと言う。,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.arrival,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,"There. A proper arrival should reach the clouds and the soles of everyone's feet. You looked up, so it worked.",「ほら。ちゃんとした登場なら、雲にも皆の足の裏にも届くべきよ。あなたが見上げた。成功ね。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.iku_damage,dialogue,char.iku_nagae,"The lower delivery path is closed by that success. The cart cannot cross the split step, and the people below did not schedule an announcement. Please address the ground as well as the sky.",「その成功のせいで、下の配達路は閉じています。車は割れた段差を越えられず、下の人々は告知を予定していませんでした。空だけでなく、地面にも対応してください。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.direct,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,"You are objecting to the broken path, not telling me to disappear. Fine. That is a complaint with edges. I will mark the load points before I lift anything.",「壊れた道に文句を言っているのであって、私に消えろと言っているわけではないのね。いいわ。角のある苦情だもの。持ち上げる前に、荷重点を印してあげる。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.playful,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,An expensive bell? Hmph. It had range. But a bell that blocks the delivery cart is poorly tuned. I will retune the terrace before I demand another look.,「高価すぎる呼び鈴？　ふん。よく響いたでしょう。でも配達車を止める鈴では調律不足ね。もう一度見ろと言う前に、テラスを調律し直すわ。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.patient,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,"The cart carries tea leaves and repair cord, not a grand celestial grievance. I see the point. I wanted resistance; I did not ask what the interruption cost them.",「その車が運んでいるのは茶葉と修理紐で、立派な天人の不満じゃない。言いたいことは分かったわ。私は抵抗が欲しかった。でも、その中断が皆に何を払わせるかは聞かなかった。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.defiant,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,"No, then. Clearly enough. I wanted someone to answer me, not strangers to absorb the answer through their ankles. I will keep the next keystone still until I have permission.",「駄目、ね。十分にはっきり聞こえたわ。誰かに答えてほしかったのであって、知らない人に足首から答えを受け取らせたかったんじゃない。許可を得るまで、次の要石は動かさない。」,248,Original
dlg.tsh.entrance_tremor.repair_terms,dialogue,char.tenshi_hinanawi,"I will raise one ramp, test it with the cart, and leave the terrace quiet afterward. Do not applaud. If it holds, that is the whole announcement.",「坂を一つ上げ、車で確かめて、その後はテラスを静かにしておく。拍手はいらない。保てるなら、それで登場の全部よ。」,248,Original
journal.tsh.entrance_tremor.title,journal_title,,A Tremor Is Not an Invitation,揺れは招待状ではない,248,Original
journal.tsh.entrance_tremor.body,journal_body,,"Tenshi's entrance closed an ordinary route. The objection named the damage without denying her presence, and she chose to restore access before asking anyone to look again.",天子の登場は日常の通路を閉ざした。抗議は彼女の存在を否定せず損害を指摘し、彼女はもう一度見てほしいと求める前に通路を戻すことを選んだ。,248,Original
