key,_context,_speaker,en,ja,_max_width_px,_origin
obj.yyk.hosts_responsibility.redirect,objective,,"Open the orchard route while keeping guests, Youmu, and the spirit procession out of collision.",果樹園への道を開き、賓客、妖夢、幽霊の行列を衝突させずに保つ。,208,Original
event.yyk.hosts_responsibility.title,event_title,,A Host's Responsibility,主人の責任,208,Original
choice.yyk.hosts_responsibility.direct,choice,,Ask Yuyuko to assign exact roles before anyone enters the current.,誰かが流れに入る前に、幽々子へ正確な役割分担を求める。,248,Original
choice.yyk.hosts_responsibility.playful,choice,,Turn the redirection into a lantern dance without hiding the emergency exits.,非常口を隠さず、改道を提灯の舞に見せる。,248,Original
choice.yyk.hosts_responsibility.patient,choice,,Clear the visiting guests first while Yuyuko reads the spirit current.,幽々子が幽霊の流れを読む間に、まず訪問客を退避させる。,248,Original
choice.yyk.hosts_responsibility.defiant,choice,,Refuse a plan that leaves Youmu alone at the choke point.,妖夢を一人で狭路に残す計画を拒む。,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.danger,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"The procession has slipped into the festival current. If it reaches the ribbon walk, living guests and unsettled spirits will occupy the same narrow turn. Stop the music after this measure.",「行列が祭りの流れへ入り込んだわ。飾り紐の道まで来れば、生きた客と落ち着かない幽霊が同じ狭い曲がり角を通る。今の小節が終わったら音楽を止めて。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.youmu_plan,dialogue,char.youmu_konpaku,"I can hold the east gate long enough for the guests to clear, then cut the loose spirit bindings. I cannot guard both turns if the procession splits.",「客が退くまで東門を保ち、その後で外れた幽体の結びを斬れます。行列が分かれたら、両方の曲がり角は守れません。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.direct,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,Then exact roles: I take the current's front. Youmu cuts only the loose bindings and never holds alone. You clear the west lane and open the orchard gate.,「では正確に。流れの先頭は私が取る。妖夢は外れた結びだけを斬り、決して一人で支えない。あなたは西の道から客を出し、果樹園の門を開けて。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.playful,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"A lantern dance with very honest exits. Good. The guests may see beauty, but every usher will know this is a redirection, not an encore.",「非常口には正直な提灯の舞ね。いいわ。客には美しく見えても、案内役にはこれが再演でなく改道だと知らせましょう。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.patient,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,Yes. Guests first; appearances can wait. I will hold the procession at the stone line until the last sleeve clears the western turn.,「ええ。客が先。見栄えは待てるわ。最後の袖が西の角を抜けるまで、石の線で行列を保つ。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.defiant,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"Quite right. Youmu is capable, not expendable. She takes the moving flank beside me; the empty gate may endure the indignity of being unguarded.",「その通り。妖夢は有能であって、使い捨てではない。私の隣で動く側面を受け持ってもらう。空の門には、守られない不名誉を我慢してもらいましょう。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.clear,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"The last spirit has entered the orchard path, every guest remains on the festival side, and Youmu still has both hands free. Close the gate gently; the procession was redirected, not defeated.",「最後の幽霊が果樹園の道へ入り、客は全員祭り側に残り、妖夢の両手も空いている。門は静かに閉じて。行列は倒されたのではなく、導かれたのよ。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.assist,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"Follow the pale edges. Ghost Drift shows where the current wants to bend, not what any spirit remembers. We need their route, not their private history.",「淡い縁を追って。幽気の漂いが示すのは流れが曲がりたがる場所で、幽霊それぞれの記憶ではない。必要なのは道であって、私的な過去ではないわ。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.loss,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,"Close the festival lane. I will open the waiting court and hold the procession there. A delayed festival is cheaper than asking any guest, guard, or spirit to pay for our schedule.",「祭りの道を閉じて。待機の庭を開け、行列は私がそこで保つ。祭りが遅れる方が、客や護衛や幽霊に予定の代償を払わせるより安いわ。」,248,Original
dlg.yyk.hosts_responsibility.after,dialogue,char.yuyuko_saigyouji,A host's responsibility is not preserving the shape of her festival. It is changing that shape before anyone inside becomes the price of keeping it beautiful.,「主人の責任とは、祭りの形を守ることではない。その中の誰かが美しさを保つ代償になる前に、形を変えることよ。」,248,Original
journal.yyk.hosts_responsibility.title,journal_title,,The Festival Route That Moved,動いた祭りの道,248,Original
journal.yyk.hosts_responsibility.body,journal_body,,"Yuyuko changed her festival to redirect a dangerous spirit procession. She protected guests, treated Youmu's competence as bounded rather than expendable, and preserved the procession itself even when the schedule had to fail.",幽々子は危険な幽霊の行列を導き直すため、自分の祭りを変えた。客を守り、妖夢の能力を使い捨てでなく範囲のある役割として扱い、予定を諦める必要があっても行列自体を保った。,248,Original
